Fix Ranking Criteria reference (#2320)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Guides/Compressing_Files/en.md

*This article was adapted from [a forum thread by ziin](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/60002).*

> Each osu! beatmap has a file size limit dictated by its `.mp3` file's length. In this tutorial I will tell you smart ways to get your beatmap under that limit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each osu! beatmapset has a file size limit dictated by its beatmaps' total lengths. In this tutorial I will tell you smart ways to get your beatmap under that limit.
```
